and hello everyone and today we are on
Mycraft in Mykraft version 175
and then allowed tnt and masters and now
we will attack the whole thing is that on
this server just put prints
it is impossible they can tnt only your end
set that is blow up are not allowed until
malyuta divorced and are now moving forward
our goal here is such a nice house
found decided to push with the pistons
in the middle so so so this private
can be advanced path for our
I don’t really know the future rails
will it be like this for example 3 we
shorter than 3000 knees I push and from
already on the bait and should pull
quick it gives an opinion to me
it seems she gives so, we still
run there yes and when we activate
for
rails activated itself tnt2 andrew
phototype article rolls see this
the ass came running again look all
activated see you yes it will be right now
seagull as far as iron clothes
frequency of 15 years so here's another goal
don't even know how best to make two there
let's move on to the side of some headquarters
giving just 2
Come on Come on let me first will advance
the path well along which we will be driven out
will go with us so in the blog she's all
Now normally I moved and now almost
higher and learning we will move the rails along
which will go our trolley so
he hold the trolley then I myself admit
what an honor
here the only negative is that it is shorter
pores very long
happen yes yes so the server is generally cool
so what
carcass come on come on come on come on what
I feel good about
drove I started shooting hard we
activated listen now that is
fishing rod nickname we have fishing rods she gives that
country tattoo in order for it
activated yes there just reverse
faster glass glass here a lot of damn well
and where resources there are no resources come on
better that chest because there i'm
it seems again the trash will be right here
now look here private almost
just under the nail here is comfortable to be
here we continue to move
now we need to rise higher and hold
expel also us only 2 left
By the way, you need to smoke this account.
yes on the chest as if
running it now inside again
click on the service you had our must
request appears
were we mean one more I don't know
pushing let's activate it before the keychain
and dad all sepsis
allow only descent there yes we need
that the floors will be engines immediately straight or
or let's stop here
then here here here here here here in this
day will be somebody but you family
stand up yes she is hiding from me
activated broads and there you go
move the floors closer to the chests was
I'm too lazy so come on
and you and where you need to move on the guide
there is water
Well, from one house because there is a hole
however sneak around
Quarter not sleepers
and everything is perfect perfect
fossa watch now let's top up
rail hour 2 well so pushing the lever
ah yes come on lower piston
all right, come on
so on vosche
more norms for and
let me
and I activated both yes yes yes look
bang listen oh you're from there too resources
there is the center of me lapis lazuli and dofig so
This one should be chosen by the way iron
I see a piece of iron diamond
damn she, too, coal dofig okay, I already
trash can all the brilliance still threw could
would now stand twenty twenty
twenty five diamonds put on such
now and need to pull out time yet time
accidentally threw yes how many
resources yes this is my chest put it on
even probably the last light
spend so look well and push
not only me now i will try
stop there publicly neatly
so and still a bit
allocated 48 to the house behind her, asking
pushing I'll try to block often
I look I'm afraid that when we
activate then you can activate
take the lever here these kin now
although there leave him activating rails
we fall down but here here here here
tools were yes there were tools
and kids tartu shmot this chain mail but
more coal 300k here we have our coal bow
have nowhere to go